[editorial] Library layout: fix headings to avoid 404s (#2136)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/library-layout.md

This directory describes the SDK implementation for api/metrics.

### `/sdk/resource`

The [resource directory](resource/sdk.md) primarily defines a type
[Resource](overview.md#resources) that captures information about the entity for
which stats or traces are recorded. For example, metrics exposed by a Kubernetes
container can be linked to a resource that specifies the cluster, namespace,
pod, and container name.

### `/sdk/baggage`

> TODO

### `/sdk/trace`

> The [trace directory](trace/sdk.md) describes the SDK implementation for
> api/trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory describes the [Tracing SDK](trace/sdk.md) implementation.
```
